[docs] Add a section about debugging individual tests (#1750)
microsoft/STL: README.md

* taking a very long time to run
* failing or passing for the incorrect reason

### Debugging individual tests

While `stl-lit` is super awesome in finding out that *something* is wrong or not even compiling, it is not really

> helpfull in debugging *what* is going wrong. However, debugging individual tests is rather simple given some additional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helpful in debugging *what* is going wrong. However, debugging individual tests is rather simple given some additional
```

> steps. Lets assume we want to debug a new feature where the tests are located in `tests\std\tests\GH_XXXX_meow`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
steps. Let's assume we want to debug a new feature with tests located in `tests\std\tests\GH_XXXX_meow`
```

> As always build the STL from your branch and run the tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As always, build the STL from your branch and run the tests:
```

```
C:\STL\out\build\x64> ninja
C:\STL\out\build\x64> python tests\utils\stl-lit\stl-lit.py -v C:\STL\tests\std\tests\GH_XXXX_meow
```

> Lets assume one of the test fails an assert and we want to debug that configuration. `stl-lit` will conveniently

Reviewer: The second sentence is absently the verb:
```suggestion
Let's assume one of the tests fails an assert and we want to debug that configuration. `stl-lit` will conveniently print
```

> the build command, which is far to long to provide here in full. The important part is to add the following option to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the build command, which is far too long to provide here in full. The important part is to add the following option to
```

provide debug symbols: `/Zi /Fdbark.pdb`.

You can replace `bark` with any descriptive name you like. Add these before the `"-link"` option in the command line
and recompile.
Example:
```

> C:\STL\out\build\x64>"C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2019\Preview\VC\Tools\MSVC\14.29.29917\bin\HostX64\x64\cl.EXE" "C:\STL\tests\std\tests\GH_XXXX_meow\test.cpp" "-IC:\STL\out\build\x64\out\inc" "-IC:\STL\llvm-project\libcxx\test\support" "-IC:\STL\tests\std\include" "/nologo" *SUPER_IMPORTANT_BUILD_CONFIGURATIONS*"

Reviewer: I find the meta-syntax `*SUPER_IMPORTANT_BUILD_CONFIGURATIONS*"` confusing, and not only because of the missing left quote. Could we just replace this with `[... more arguments ...]`, and maybe do so earlier in the command line?

Author: Yeah that makes sense

"-FeC:\STL\out\build\x64\tests\std\tests\GH_XXXX_meow\Output\02\GH_XXXX_meow.exe" /Zi /Fdbark.pdb "-link" "-LIBPATH:C:\STL\out\build\x64\out\lib\amd64" "-LIBPATH:C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2019\Preview\VC\Tools\MSVC\14.29.29917\lib\x64" "/MANIFEST:EMBED"
```

You can now start debugging the test via
```
devenv "C:\STL\out\build\x64\tests\std\tests\GH_XXXX_meow\Output\02\GH_XXXX_meow.exe" "C:\STL\tests\std\tests\GH_XXXX_meow\test.cpp"
```

> However, this will not work right away, as Visual Studio will complain about a missing `msvcp140_oss.dll`. The reason is

Reviewer: This extra step is only necessary if the executable to debug was dynamically linked (`/MD` or `/MDd`). Maybe point out that you can ignore this step if it is statically linked (`/MT` or `/MTd`)?

Author: That would require to actually parse the command line for the right arguments, whereas if we add it to the path it will always work.

Author: I rephrased the sentence to get the best of both worlds

Reviewer: > That would require to actually parse the command line for the right arguments, whereas if we add it to the path it will always work.

True, but I was bothered by the unconditional nature of "this will not work right away", which is incorrect when the exe is statically linked.

> I rephrased the sentence to get the best of both worlds

LGTM.

> that the STL builds those and other dlls itself and we should under no circumstances overwrite the installed ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the STL builds those and other DLLs itself and we should under no circumstances overwrite the installed ones.
```

* taking a very long time to run
* failing or passing for the incorrect reason

> ### Debugging individual tests

Reviewer 2: Should be title case.

While `stl-lit` is super awesome in finding out that *something* is wrong or not even compiling, it is not really
helpful in debugging *what* is going wrong. However, debugging individual tests is rather simple given some additional

> steps. Let's assume we want to debug a new feature with tests located in `tests\std\tests\GH_XXXX_meow`

Reviewer 2: Should end with a period.

As always, build the STL from your branch and run the tests:
```
C:\STL\out\build\x64> ninja
C:\STL\out\build\x64> python tests\utils\stl-lit\stl-lit.py -v C:\STL\tests\std\tests\GH_XXXX_meow
```

Let's assume one of the tests fails an assert and we want to debug that configuration. `stl-lit` will conveniently print

> the build command, which is far too long to provide here in full. The important part is to add the following option to

Reviewer 2: Should be "options" plural, as there are two of them.

provide debug symbols: `/Zi /Fdbark.pdb`.

You can replace `bark` with any descriptive name you like. Add these before the `"-link"` option in the command line
and recompile.

> Example:

Reviewer 2: This doesn't start a new paragraph, so it should be fused into the previous line (so the file looks like the rendered Markdown).

```
C:\STL\out\build\x64>cl "C:\STL\tests\std\tests\GH_XXXX_meow\test.cpp" [... more arguments ...]
"-FeC:\STL\out\build\x64\tests\std\tests\GH_XXXX_meow\Output\02\GH_XXXX_meow.exe" /Zi /Fdbark.pdb "-link"
[... more arguments ...]
```

> You can now start debugging the test via

Reviewer 2: Should end with a colon, to be consistent with how the other code blocks were introduced. Occurs below.

```
devenv "C:\STL\out\build\x64\tests\std\tests\GH_XXXX_meow\Output\02\GH_XXXX_meow.exe"
       "C:\STL\tests\std\tests\GH_XXXX_meow\test.cpp"
```

However, this might not work right away, as Visual Studio may complain about a missing `msvcp140_oss.dll`. The reason
is that the STL builds those and other DLLs itself and we should under no circumstances overwrite the installed ones.

> If you are testing one of the configurations with dynamic linkage (/MD or /MDd) the easiest solution is to add the

Reviewer 2: `/MD` and `/MDd` should be in code font.
